[music]
slop. It's what we've decided to call
the countless AI generated images and
videos that have started to flood the
internet. And it's pretty easy to
disregard most of the slop we encounter
as annoying, cringe, mildly amusing or
fairly inconsequential.
But the same force driving the creation
of slop is encroaching on cultural
artistic spaces like film and animation.
When I encounter AI generated images or
videos, I don't know about you, but I
get a very strange feeling. I have a
kind of gut reaction that something is
wrong with these [music] images. There
is part of me that is skeptical of this
gut reaction. Am I falling into a trap
that so many generations have fallen
into before me? Am I, as the proponents
of AI might suggest, just reflexively
rejecting the next logical step in
technological advancement because it
represents an uncomfortable change? Am I
merely repeating the pattern started by
Plato when he critiqued the development
of writing by arguing that it would
cause humans to cease remembering? Or
does my gut feeling that something is
wrong about art generated by AI speak to
something deeper [music]
and true? Does it reveal something about
what art is for us as humans? And that
whatever art is, trying to generate it
using AI violates that thing in some
way.
This is Tilly Norwood, an AI actress
created by Particle 6, a UK-based
company that builds themselves as
Europe's leading upand cominging AI
production studio. Tilly caused an
immediate strong backlash from many in
Hollywood. Actors frustrated at the idea
of being replaced in an already
competitive industry with some seeing
the artifice of Tilly as unsettling on a
deeper level. Emily Blunt reacted to
Tilly by saying, "Please stop. Please
stop taking away our human connection."
Even if the technology is not yet
developed enough for Tilly to show up in
the next season of House of Dragon, it's
pretty clear that some in Hollywood are
not opposed to the creeping advance of
AI. Some talent agencies have reportedly
been circling Tilly. Ridley Scott has
said he's trying to embrace AI. And
Bloomhouse's Jason Bloom argued in
reaction to Tilly Norwood that AI is
here to stay whether we like it or not,
and that Hollywood shouldn't stick its
head in the sand, but should instead
embrace AI as long as it can be done
ethically and legally. He made sure to
clarify. Ashton Kutcher called AI an
amazing tool that we should learn to
work with. And this is the most common
refrain in support of using AI in art,
that it's just another tool, that
rejecting AI would be like rejecting
digital cameras or computer animation in
film. And it's this argument that the
creators of Tilly use in their response
to the backlash. I see AI not as a
replacement for people, but as a tool.
She is not a replacement for a human
being, but a creative work, a piece of
art. But is Tilly art? Could Tilly
really be used to create art? Is AI just
another paintbrush we can use to put
strokes on the canvas? Or is it
something else? There are many potential
reasons to be critical of AI.
Environmental concerns, legal and
ethical concerns, even mental health
concerns. And while I'm worried about
many of these, my goal here is not to
address the entire complex issue that is
AI as a whole. I'm going to focus on one
small piece of this puzzle, a
relationship between AI and art. I'm
focusing on AI and art because I think
this debate forces us to clarify our
human relationship to this technology.
And it's part of the discussion that is
important to me. But we can't understand
if AI can be a tool that artists can
use, if it's something we should totally
reject, or some balance in between if we
don't understand what art is and what
its purpose is for humanity and society
in the first place. [music]
In Cave of Forgotten Dreams, director
Verer Herzog takes us into the Chauveet
cave in France [music] to see the oldest
paintings ever discovered.
JF Martell writing about the film in his
book reclaiming art in the age of
artifice says in the images this
prehistoric people have bequeathed to us
we get a glimpse of something like a
shared humanity [music] but we also gaze
into a stranger part of ourselves
[music] something reaching to the depths
seeing works of art made some 30,000
years ago there is a striking sense of
familiarity there's something in the
activity of creating art that feels
[music]
instantly recognizably human. An impulse
which remains within us despite such a
vast passing of time and how much
society has changed across that span.
[music] What we find looking at this art
is the mystery of who these people
painting these images were and why they
painted them. [music] It's as if we
discovered signs of alien life only to
realize the aliens are us. that our own
existence is just as mysterious and
startling as anything else in the
cosmos.
Even if we cannot know what these cave
paintings mean, there is a profound and
moving mystery in the question of their
meaning itself.
These images don't just represent the
existence of something or someone,
[music] but a self-awareness of that
existence. The existence of the art in
the cave [music]
is existence expressing itself for
others to see and hear. What we don't
often think about is that despite how
much art has changed, despite all the
technological advancement and scientific
knowledge we've acquired since these
cave painters first did their work, we
are still caught in this mystery today.
Art for us is still mysterious and true
works of art still express [music] the
mystery of life itself. According to
Martell, art demands that we feel and
think the mystery of our passage through
this body on this earth in this universe
and bears witness to the bafflement that
the mere fact of existence elicits in
our brains. What is the impulse that
connects the intricate carvings in
Anchorwatt? these cave paintings and the
cyine chapel
with the mournful beauty of Debus's
arabesque number one or the hauntingly
poetic images crafted by Andre Tarovski
in the mirror. [music]
I see in all of them an attempt to
express something the artist experienced
but struggled to quantify. [music]
an attempt to express a mysterious part
of life that cannot be put into words. A
desire to leave not just a mark on the
world, but our mark. [music] A mark that
says something about who we are and our
experience of life.
Art is the thing that allows us to
communicate about these mysteries to
share between two humans the
unquantifiable
aspects of our existence.
OpenAI, the company behind ChatGBT,
recently released Sora 2, an AI model
that allows you to easily generate AI
videos that sometimes look startlingly
real. But it is also a platform that
allows you to view an infinite stream of
these artificially generated videos.
Scrolling through Sora induces a kind of
dizzying, uncanny feeling in me. There
is, of course, something familiar about
this. It looks at moments like I might
be watching a Tik Tok or Instagram reel,
but there is something alien and strange
about it as well. At times, it evokes a
chuckle more at the nihilistic absurdity
of the thing itself than any given video
or joke created by the platform. But the
overwhelming feeling I get looking at
Sora, other platforms that feature
streams of AI generated images, Tilly
Norwood, or reading a poem generated by
an LLM,
is a strange sense of emptiness. There
is, to me, a perceptible vacancy to the
entire thing. While the occasional AI
image might initially grab my eye, I'm
not drawn in by the same curiosity I
feel when a human work of art grabs
[music] my eye. I do not want more. I'm
simply left asking why does this exist?
What is it for?
You can ask an image model like
Midjourney to generate a cave painting
in the style of the Chauveet cave and
you'll get something like this. Setting
aside the fact that this obviously
wasn't skillfully crafted onto the
contours of rocks some 30,000 years ago,
it would be easy to critique this image
by pointing out which details it gets
wrong. Tallying up all the ways in which
the AI images do not measure up to the
original in terms of quality or style.
But I think doing so would miss the
point because this image, even if it got
the details right, would still be
missing something that the original
paintings [music] have. But what exactly
is missing? If this AI image isn't art,
then what is it? What do we call it? To
answer these questions, I'm going to
draw on the distinction made by JF
Martell between art and what he calls
artifice.
In our lives, even long before the
advent of AI, we have been surrounded by
and inundated with designs, photographs,
paintings, illustrations, graphics,
symbols, videos, animations, and other
creative works. Within this huge
landscape, we find the stuff we
typically call art. But we also find the
same skills and techniques that are used
to create art used to create a lot of
stuff that is something else.
Most of us would probably agree, for
example, that Van Go's Starry Night is a
work of art, but would probably not
think of a stop sign or an event flyer
as art in the same sense.
Martell calls this other category of
thing artifice. It's important to note
that artifice itself is not bad. The
distinction here is not a value
judgment. And there is obviously
artistic craft and skill involved in the
design and creation of artifice. Intent,
creativity, composition, color theory
are all employed to create an effective
road sign or event flyer. So this
distinction is not about diminishing the
talent that is often needed to create
good artifice or the necessity of
artifice within our society. Martell
says, "Artifus foregoes the revelatory
power that is art's prerogative in order
to impart information, be it a message,
an opinion, a judgment, a physiological
stimulus, or a command. The distinction
between art and artifice lies in the
purpose they serve, both for the creator
as a means of expression and to the
viewer.
When I look at a work like Edward
Hopper's Nighthawks, there is no obvious
message or statement to be found.
Instead, I find a strange sense of
[music] mystery, a weird juxtaposition
of limonality, loneliness, and beauty
that is hard to describe, but which
feels familiar to me. [music]
I get the same sense from Hopper's
morning sun.
Is this loneliness, despair?
[music] Is the warmth of the sun about
to awaken her from this melancholy? Or
is it somehow the cause of it? As if the
warmth of its touch is making her long
for something more.
Is the emptiness on her face, which is
reflected in the sparseness of the
composition, connected to the industrial
landscape that clouds her view from the
window? Is Hopper suggesting that these
emotions are the result of the modernist
environment that was reaching maturity
in the 1950s?
I don't know. But he captures here in
these paintings a feeling that I
recognize. And in recognizing that
feeling, I feel connected not just to
the painting, but beyond that to the
human expressing feelings through the
painting.
Now, let's compare Morning Sun to these
images created by Carl Largerfeld for a
2010 campaign [music] for the fashion
brand Fendi. There's obviously a
necessary level of artistic skill needed
to craft and style these images, [music]
but unlike Hopper's original work, there
is no mystery at their core.
>> [music]
>> We do not need to wonder what the images
are trying to express, what the model is
feeling, or what emotion the
photographer is trying to convey. We
know the purpose of these images is to
showcase the clothing, to get us to
associate these clothes and the brand
with the prestige of Hopper's art. The
images are trying to get us to buy
[music] something. While I like these
images, and I think largerfeld is
obviously a talented photographer,
Martell would argue, and I'd agree, that
they are not art, [music] but works of
artifice.
Artifice isn't made for the purpose of
exploring some deep, mysterious feeling.
Artifice might use or evoke feelings,
but its ultimate purpose in using those
feelings is to convey information or to
get the viewer to do something. [music]
Whether that's drink a Pepsi or yield to
oncoming traffic. And doing this can be
important. You don't want a stop sign to
express the profound mysteries of the
universe. You just want it to clearly
and effectively convince the viewer to
take an action. Authentic art, by
contrast to artifice, takes us out of
the realm of the utilitarian altogether.
instead of trying to get us to do
something or convey information.
According to Martell, art astonishes and
is born of astonishment.
Astonishment, he says, is the litness
test of art, the sign by which we know
we have been magicked out of the
practical and utilitarian enterprises to
confront the bottomless dream of life in
sensible form. In this view, art is made
and exists simply as an expression of
and way to encounter the mysteries of
life. And the astonishment that defines
art can come in the form of grand
expressions of religious wonder or more
subdued subtle examinations of emotion.
It can come in something as small as
attention to the way light plays across
curtains blowing in the wind or the
simple beauty of how objects and color
dance together in a room. It can even
show up in a self-aware study of the way
large expanses of tone and the texture
of brush strokes can evoke certain
emotional states. Martell explains that
this astonishment comes not from
transcending the uncanny strangeness and
mystery of our everyday experience, but
by awakening us to it. Astonishment is
not necessarily a conscious end goal
that the artist sets out to symbolize
within the work. It is the driving
motivation, something that comes through
the process of creating art itself,
which is revealed both consciously and
unconsciously in the thousands of
decisions made by the artist in the act
of crafting a work. Each culture or
individual has their own taste in what
they value, and a stylistic language
that they use for expressing this
astonishment. What astonishes one person
or culture may confuse or bore another.
But what all art has in common is this
attempt at expressing our own
astonishment at some aspect of existence
itself. It can be astonishment in the
face of profound joy or the depth of
agony that can exist in life and
everything in between. And while not
every work of art will awaken this
astonishment in every viewer when art is
serving its true purpose, astonishment
is there.
[music]
I don't know if the painters in the show
cave were expressing a sense of wonder,
fear, [music]
desire, worship, or celebration when
they were depicting these animals that
would have been their source of life.
Perhaps what led them to create these
images was the way all of those feelings
about the subject coexisted inside of
them. We can only speculate. What we do
know is that there was something
astonishing in these painters experience
that drove them to take time away from
all the activities in their lives that
served a more obvious survival function
to engage in the act of expression. And
whether or not we get our interpretation
of their images right, [music]
much of the value we get out of the
images themselves comes from trying to
connect with what they were expressing.
So what happens when we have an AI
generated image of a cave painting or
any other kind of image that looks like
art? It might be visually similar just
like the Fendi campaign bears a
resemblance to the Hopper paintings, but
as an image object, I would argue the AI
generated images do not carry the same
expression of life that true works of
art do. AI, unlike the cave painters and
other artists, cannot express
astonishment at some aspect of life
through art because it is not itself
experiencing that life. It is not
feeling astonishment which it can then
translate into the artistic process.
Anything it makes can only be an
imitation of the end result of humans
engaging with the artistic process. An
imitation made with no understanding of
what it is imitating or why. You can ask
an AI to generate an image of what
loneliness and alienation looked like in
the 1950s. And you might even recognize
and resonate in some way with how AI
depicts those feelings. But these images
are not an actual artifact that reflects
the real human emotions that someone
felt in 1950.
While Edward Hopper's paintings are, and
I think the extent to which we might
connect with the emotion of an AI image
is simply the extent to which we connect
with its ability to imitate how human
artists have already translated
experiences into art. It can generate
infinite variations of these imitations
in every conceivable style, but it
cannot add to the corpus of art
something new born out of a direct
contact with experience. It does not
have its own experience of loneliness to
then express. And what draws me to a
Hopper painting is [music] not the
content of the images themselves, not
truly the end result, but what is behind
them. A painting is not just graphic
wallpaper meant to decorate a room or a
museum. I don't look at his work to see
a city street or a woman sitting in a
bed. What draws me to Hopper is his
perspective [music] on these scenes. The
way he captures certain feelings through
how he constructs [music] and paints the
everyday. He saw the world in a certain
way and expresses that perspective
through his work. [music] and his work
connects me with another human's
experience, while the artifice only
connects me with the arbitrary elements
of style that Harper may have used to
communicate his experience. [music]
I believe much of what draws us to art
is the artist's perspective. Literally
getting to see [music] how their way of
seeing the world gets encoded into their
work. AI fundamentally does not [music]
have its own perspective on the world.
There is no way of seeing that it can
then encode in a work. At least in its
current iteration, it can only produce
[music] imitation of existing
perspectives. That might work for the
creation of artifice, but I think it
leaves out one of the most significant
reasons we are drawn to art.
The heart of this issue is not just
found by evaluating the end results.
It's also found by looking at how the
works are made. The artifice of AI
generated images or text is baked into
the very way it is created. Beyond
conveying information and commands,
Martell argues that artifice works in
service of creating consensus. Consensus
is the statistical world of useful
knowledge, generalization, habit,
custom, and ideology. Works of artifice
reinforce consensus by representing
reality as though everything had already
been mapped out. The machine learning
algorithms that generate text and images
literally work by using statistical and
mathematical analysis to try to create
predictive data. An AI generated work is
not created using the artistic process.
It's created by visualizing consensus
found in data and information. AI uses
this consensus to reverse engineer an
image in order to meet the desire or
expectations that we give it through the
prompt. The AI is a visual expression of
the very consensus that Martell argues
is antithetical to art. So while we
might use it to generate something new
in the sense that it might be a
particular arrangement of pixels or
words that has never existed before, it
seems to me that AI cannot be a means by
which true astonishment and mystery are
captured and transmitted. Because true
astonishment and mystery are not pieces
of data or information. They are
something much stranger, felt, and
experienced. True art is the part of
life that cannot be turned into data or
information. That's the whole reason why
we encode these things into poems,
paintings, or songs in the first place
instead of just describing them using
logic and reason. But why should we care
so much about the distinction between
art and artifice? If we lose sight of
the dividing line, we risk becoming
victims to two unfortunate
misunderstandings. First, we might treat
works of art as artifice and lose out on
allowing ourselves to experience the
astonishment and connection that
authentic art has to offer. Or we treat
works of artifice as works of art and
leave ourselves vulnerable and exposed
to the ways artifice is trying to
influence our thinking and behavior. Our
society is currently in the grips of
both of these misunderstandings beyond
the ways we're manipulated by
advertising. We fall prey to all manner
of propaganda. And we simultaneously
devalue the power of art by frequently
asserting that everything is artifice,
that there is no room for something
greater that can truly move us
profoundly. Martell argues that in our
modern world, we are often closed off to
allowing the forces of art to profoundly
affect us as a defense mechanism against
the manipulative power of all the
artifice that surrounds us. But this
very guardedness that we use to protect
our mental health in such an artifice
saturated world has turned into an
apathy towards art, something we need to
thrive and connect as humans. We put on
ironic detachment and see being
unaffected by authentic expression as
cool. While we view those who are moved
by something as weak, sentimental and
romantic become insults. This jadedness
has affected even the artists themselves
who often only engage with anything
sincere through a layer of detachment or
irony, not wanting to be seen as cliche
or sentimental. The cost of all of this
is high. Cynical artifice posing as art
concerned only with its own commercial
viability or ability to persuade or
influence people and numbed out
audiences unable to truly connect with
the rare artists and works that do
manage to get through the landscape of
cynicism and exist as works of authentic
art.
I focused here mostly on images
generated entirely by AI. But what if AI
was just one small tool used in the
process of making a larger work of art?
This is at least currently the question
that faces most filmmakers. I don't
think any small piece of artifice within
the larger work necessarily corrupts the
entire thing. I don't personally think
that just because a small amount of AI
was used on part of Adrien Brody's
performance in The Brutalist that we
should treat the entire film as if it
has no artistic merit and that it should
be called Artifice. There seems to me an
obvious gap between that and Tilly
Norwood becoming a reality. And perhaps,
as Jason Bloom suggests, if we can iron
out the ethical and legal issues with AI
tools, we might be able to use them as a
tool in our toolbox in the same way that
CGI and digital cameras are used. But I
think we should be very hesitant to do
so because what makes art a work of art
is not just the end result but the
process we use to get there. True
expression in art emerges from every
tiny choice made in the process of
bringing that art into reality as a
representation of our experience and
perspective on life. The artistic
process is something both conscious and
unconscious that reveals itself through
each brush stroke. Through accidents and
how we respond to them, through
collaborative decisions made by humans,
through the way the environment we make
the art within subtly influences each
choice in the process. Each decision or
accident we make in the process of
creating art is an opportunity for
meaning, perspective, and experience to
sneak into the work, even when we're not
consciously planning for that to happen.
Any aspect of the process that we use AI
for then necessarily removes you from
the process. But you and your
perspective is the very source of what
makes something art. The prompt is not a
tool you use to express yourself
through. It's a way of describing an
outcome you want to achieve and having
something else try to achieve that
outcome for you. In the documentary
series Mr. Scorsesi, Leonardo DiCaprio
shares a story from the making of the
Aviator. In one scene, both he and
Scorsesi knew that something wasn't
working about the performance. And
Scorsesi after many takes told him that,
but did not want to tell him what to do
to make it work. Because Scorsesi knew
it would be more valuable and more
authentic in the performance if DiCaprio
found what worked on his own. Scorsesi
did this because as an artist, he
understands that the process matters.
that even when working with a human,
sometimes giving them an explicit
outcome to work towards can be
antithetical to the artistic process. If
the essence of a work of art is often
found in the very process of attempting
to get to an outcome, AI disconnects us
from that process. So, if we want the
machine to make our art for us, it
strikes me that we may not understand
the purpose of the art we're making,
that the true value of that art is not a
perfect outcome that we imagine AI will
help us achieve, but the process we take
to get to an outcome. And when we use
AI, we risk undermining the very process
that allows deeper meaning to emerge
through our work. A typewriter might
have made writing words more efficient,
but it did not write the words for you.
AI risks doing too much. And in that
process, artistry loses out. If you want
to make true art rather than just
artifice, I think you have to engage
with the artistic process. Not so that
you end up with a perfect finished work
at the end that makes the experience
you're trying to express comprehensible,
but in order to have a work that brings
the audience along on your attempt to
express the incomprehensible.
This is why looking more closely at a
work of art reveals deeper meaning,
while looking closer at a work of
artifice often reveals it to be less
meaningful than it originally seemed.
But I must admit, while I have not yet
encountered an individual AI image that
feels like a work of art to me,
sometimes I do feel a kind of dreadful
astonishment at what these images
represent. If we peer into this endless
hall of mirrors constructed by some of
the largest corporations on Earth, which
attempt to reflect everything we've ever
created back at us and ask why, what do
we see?
When I look at it this way, I see a work
that astonishes me with its absurdity,
surrealism, emptiness, and glut. [music]
An attempt to create a work that
encompasses everything humanity has
created while simultaneously trying to
remove [music] as much of ourselves from
the creative process as we possibly can.
I see humanity trying to abandon its own
involvement in the act of creation,
leaving itself with only its desires,
its prompts, waiting to be filled with
increasing accuracy, precision, and
speed. And maybe this attempt reveals a
hidden desire for self-negation.
that [music] perhaps our desire to
remove ourselves from the creative
process itself is born out of a belief
that we are fundamentally flawed.
[music]
That we must overcome those flaws by
creating a machine that transcends our
imperfect abilities. One that can
infinitely meet our needs with the touch
of a button without ourselves or another
human being needing to be involved. that
can put an end to the unbearable mystery
of it all.
But what if we have it backwards? What
if our involvement in the process, as
messy as that may be, is the very thing
we desire and are trying to satisfy with
this endless [music] cascade of novelty,
information, and increasing
productivity? [music]
What if we are seeking a machine that
can perfectly fill our prompts when what
we truly desire is for ourselves to be
prompted by an artistic vision. To care
enough about something, an experience or
perspective on the world that we want to
do the creative labor ourselves to
falter through the decisions and
learning process, finding the expression
of that astonishment in each brush
stroke. What if what we want [music] is
an artistic project where no shortcut is
fulfilling? Because the project is not a
means to an end, but fulfilling as a
process in and of itself, as a part of
life, which is not a problem to be
solved, but a mystery to be astonished
by.
Imagine with me that perhaps 30,000
years ago, the Chauveet cave painters
finished their work, put down their
torches in charcoal, gathered around the
fire together afterwards, and one of
them said, "Wouldn't it be great if we
could create something that would do the
painting for us so that we wouldn't have
to do it?" It sounds absurd to us when
we hear them say it, but in many ways,
that's the world we're living in today.
In the interview where Jason Bloom said,
"The industry needs to embrace AI," he
also said, "The consumer does not care
if what they're looking at is AI." And
at first I thought he's obviously wrong.
Some people like myself do care about
whether or not what they're looking at
is AI. But on closer examination, I
think he's right. A consumer does not
care about whether or not what they're
looking at is AI. A consumer is just
looking for whatever might be available
to fill the craving they have in that
moment. Whatever might draw them in,
appease them, and amuse them will do the
job. And there is certainly money to be
made in giving consumers what they want.
But we have to ask ourselves, are we
just here to appease consumers and to
consume or do we want something more?
Appeasing consumers is not the purpose
of a work of art. If you are creating to
appease or experiencing something for
the sake of being appeased, you are
within the realm of artifice. Art is not
made for consumption but for the sake of
expression and connecting with yourself,
others and existence through that
expression. While there is a place in
this world for the creation and
consumption of artifice and that
artifice can bring us a lot of joy and
pleasure, if we lose sight of the
special role that art can play in our
lives, both as artists and audiences, I
think we lose sight of a valuable part
of being human that has been with us
since the chauvet cave. We cannot escape
our desire for the connection provided
by authentic art by getting better,
faster, and more efficient at making art
of this.
Getting a clean shave is one of those
things that always to me feels like a
little bit of a risky endeavor. I used
to be like, how bad is my face going to
be mangled this time? But these days,
when I do want a clean shave, I don't
worry about it because of this razor
created by Henson Shaving, my sponsor
for this video. It leaves my skin
feeling better than any other razor
does. This is thanks to the engineering
experience and the precision that Henen
put into creating this new kind of razor
design. I can tell you that this razor
will leave your skin feeling better than
other razors. But Henen is putting work
into actually backing up that claim with
research. They partnered with a medical
imaging startup and early research is
showing that this razor leaves you with
less razor burn than other popular
brands. Hensson used their experience
designing aerospace parts for like the
Mars rover and the International Space
Station to design a razor that holds the
blade with such incredible precision.
And that's what gives them an edge or we
could say the least edge of any razor on
the market. The other thing I love about
this is it's an incredibly high quality
aluminum razor. You buy it once. The
replacement blades you can get anywhere
for like three to five bucks for a year
supply and everything from the blades to
the [music] packaging is recyclable. So,
you're not just constantly tossing
plastic razors into a landfill. I'm
happy to recommend this razor to anyone
who shaves. And you can get yours when
you go to hensenshaving.com/thomas.
If you use the code Thomas Flight at
checkout, you'll get a 100red
replacement [music]
blades for free when you purchase the
Hensen razor. Again, that's
hensenhaving.com/thomas
Flight. Use code ThomasFlight to get
those free blades at checkout. Thanks
again to Henson for making this video
and mustache possible.